Update README.md (#430)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github: README.md

3. Submit.
4. Click **Generate a new client secret** and provide your GitHub password to continue.
5. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** in the resulting screen.

> 6. Click on both **Generate** buttons in `Webhook Secret` and `At Rest Encryption Key`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click on both **Generate** buttons in `Webhook Secret` and `At Rest Encryption Key`.
```

> 7. Once you have successfully registered the Mattermost GitHub Plugin as an authorized OAuth app, switch to Mattermost and run `/github connect` in a Mattermost channel. You should receive a DM from the GitHub plugin about the features you have available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once you've successfully registered the Mattermost GitHub Plugin as an authorized OAuth app, switch to Mattermost and run `/github connect` in a Mattermost channel. You should receive a Direct Message from the GitHub plugin about the features available to you.
```
